Add optional SET keyword for create database clauses in Cypher 25 (#2216)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/syntax.adoc

[[administration-syntax-database-management]]
== Database management command syntax

> The following tables cover both standard and composite databases.

Reviewer: You might want to clarify that it is the following two (related to SHOW) which cover both, as the third and fourth table after this sentence (related to CREATE) is not for both

Author: same here about it being the tables as a collective that covers both, not specifically each individual one

Author: but maybe something as easy as
```suggestion
The following tables cover standard and composite databases.
```
might do the trick?

Author: (I also think at least DROP covers both, and I guess we'll see what we do for alter composite in https://github.com/neo4j/docs-operations/pull/2153, if we split it or just use the same 🤷)

Reviewer 2: How about:
```suggestion
The database management commands are used to manage standard or composite databases.
```

[[administration-syntax-database-alias-management]]
== Database alias management command syntax

> The following tables cover both local and remote database aliases.

Reviewer: My understanding is that it is only the very next table which cover both, after that it is separate tables for local and remote since there are some variations. So I think you either want to write just "The following table..." instead of "The following tables..." or clarify it a bit.

Author: I think it's the general `tables` as in all of these tables together covers both? but that sentence came from @renetapopova  so I'll let her decide if we want to update it

Reviewer: No I do not think removing 'both' helps. I interpret this sentence as each of the following tables (unclear how many) covers both local and remote alias, which is not true. Some tables cover both, some cover local and some cover remote if I understand the layout of the page correctly

Reviewer: Maybe it is just me that interpret the sentence incorrectly, if you think it is correct already I am fine with leaving it. Same for my other comment which is about the same thing but in another place

Author: ```suggestion
The following sections cover the commands related to local and remote database aliases.
```
is that better?

Author: or feel free to come up with your own suggestion

Author: the sentence isn't supposed to talk about just the next one so changing to `The following table` isn't the way to go

> The following tables cover both local and remote database aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The database alias management commands are used to manage local or remote database aliases.
```
